(Episode 31)
Don't try so hard. You can take things easy.
Okay.
Doctor Kwak.
Oh, Ms. Lee.
This must be hard for you.
Not at all.
Hyun, I'm going to get some water.
Excuse me.
Your mother is beautiful.
You're doing great.
I want to get discharged soon.
Why? What do you want to do so badly?
Treat patients?
I'm the only internal medicine doctor on the hospital ship.
Goodness. You're all the same. You're workaholics.
Let me see your wound now.
Doctor Oh checked on me earlier.
- Did he say it looks good? - Of course.
I'm sure he did considering who did your surgery.
Did you check your wound?
Did she stitch it up nicely?
No, it was sloppy and crooked.
Why haven't I seen Doctor Song?
She's my surgeon. Shouldn't she be on rounds at least?
Why does she keep sending Doctor Oh as her substitute?
Who said Doctor Oh was a substitute?
Doctor Song handed over your case to Doctor Oh.
- Why? - I'm not sure. She said she's busy.
Is she too busy to work at the ER?
No, she still works at the ER.
She still works at the ER,
but she hasn't come to see me?
- She hasn't come to see you at all? - No.
I guess she's seriously mad at you.
- Mad at me? - Jae Geol said...
Doctor Song doesn't even consider you as her colleague anymore.
Did you do something to make her upset?
If not, why wouldn't she come to see you?
Think about what you might have done wrong.
I'll be going now.
Hi, this is Kwak Hyun.
Oh, my. I'm surprised to get your call so soon.
I heard you were badly injured.
No, I'm fine.
I feel much better now.
I'm glad to hear that.
How is Father?
I haven't contacted him.
Don't worry.
Someone else is taking good care of him.
Someone else?
It's over there.
Do you see the lighthouse?
They seemed so close.
- They're like father and daughter. - I see it.
Are you okay?
Are you...
hurt anywhere?
There you go.
Who is it?
It's just...
Ji Eun.
Tell her not to worry.
Okay.
Hello?
Hello.
This is Young Eun.
Yes?
May I see you?
You ran away from me last time.
What do you want now?
I'm sorry.
Where are you?
How are you?
I'm not a psychopath.
My son was shot. Of course I'm not well.
That's not what I meant.
I know. Sit down.
Why are you still standing?
The roof won't collapse. Sit down.
Go on.
- Pardon me? - What do you want to say?
How is...
Hyun?
Is he doing better?
He's getting better.
I'm relieved to hear that.
By the way,
I'm going to New York soon.
Once I leave,
I won't come back if possible.
Please don't tell Hyun...
The reason why you're leaving?
Could you do that for me?
Fine, I will.
There's no point in destroying you.
You don't look good at all.
You couldn't eat or sleep?
That's unnecessary.
What's the big deal about love?
It's been very hard,
hasn't it?
No matter how hard you tried...
to mend your love, did it not work?
That's how men are in my family.
They may be gentle and forgiving.
But beyond a certain point,
they turn coldhearted and do nothing.
You should have waited.
He was busy with his residency and taking care of his father.
He didn't have time.
Why weren't you easier on him?
Then...
Hyun would still be with you.
You are...
really here.
Doctor Kim Jae Geol.
He told me that you'd be here.
What brings you here?
I heard...
what happened.
You did...
Hyun's operation.
I envy you.
You are capable...
of doing so many things...
for Hyun.
It was better...
if I never had to do it.
This is for you.
It's to express my gratitude.
You might think...
I'm useless, childish, and not worth knowing,
but actually...
what I'm most grateful to you about...
is that you didn't tell Hyun...
about my lie to the very end.
You made it...
possible for me to leave...
with my self-esteem intact.
That's what pleased me.
I'm so terrible, aren't I?
No. That's perfectly plausible.
I understand.
Thank you.
Take good care of Hyun for me.
[VIU Ver] Episode 31 Hospital Ship "I Envy You"
-= Ruo Xi =-
Sorry for calling so late.
I'm the hospital ship Internal Medicine doctor Kwak Hyun.
(Blood test scheduled)
Is this Ms. Mo Mak Jeom's number?
She has a blood test scheduled, but the ship can't get there.
(Blood test scheduled)
(Blood sugar check)
Is this Ms. Nam Wol Ran?
She has to go to the local clinic to get her blood sugar tested.
Okay, bye.
Are you Park Joong Dan's guardian?
The hospital ship can't sail tomorrow.
The doctor prescribed the hyperlipidemia medication.
We'll send it to you via the ferry.
(Check via phone)
Are you Mr. Go Gab Dong?
Yes.
You finished your medicine.
The hospital ship can't sail.
We'll send you...
three days' worth of medicine via the ferry.
(Hospital ship dorm)
- Hello. - Welcome!
- You're back. - Welcome.
A hearty welcome!
- How are you? - Are you okay?
I wasn't the only one to get hurt.
We're preparing lunch.
Look forward to trying Mr. Chu's specialty.
This meal is on me.
- Yes! - Yes!
Did you catch it yourself?
- Get the cutlery. - Don't ask.
It must be so delicious.
You look upset.
I'm not.
Are you not happy that Doctor Song's not here?
Where is she?
Where do you think?
Yes.
Via the ferry.
No, the 3:30pm one.
3:30pm. Ferry.
There are a few others. I'll call the clinic's doctor.
Bye.
Why are there so many?
He didn't skip a single island.
How can he not forget a single one?
What are you doing in my office?
Hello.
I was really upset that you didn't come to see me even once.
Were you here looking after my patients for me?
And cleaning up?
I haven't called all of them yet.
You have way too many patients.
Here.
- What is it? - Open it.
It's a stethoscope.
I managed to put everything else back together,
but your old one was beyond fixing.
It's a nice model.
I spent a fortune.
A heart specialist should have a good stethoscope.
Congratulations on your discharge.
I'll let you take care of the rest.
Didn't you miss me?
No, that was...
Why won't you even look at me?
- Are you sick? - No.
You are sick.
As a heart specialist, my diagnosis...
is that your heart rate is beyond the normal range.
This heart.
Who is it beating for?
Shall we start dating?
Let's...
start dating.
Let's go.
This is the captain speaking.
We've finally finished repairing everything.
We're going to set sail again today.
Our hospital ship is the lifeline of the residents of the island.
For safe sailing,
everyone in the medical team and the crewman,
please do your very best.
I'm so happy that I want to sing right now,
but for safety reasons,
I will drop it.
Did you just tell me to remove Surgery from the hospital ship?
Wait. My goodness.
Get rid of Surgery? We cannot do that.
If you don't,
we might have to get rid of the hospital ship itself.
- Sir. - You know that...
we have a new governor now, right?
As you probably expected,
things are totally different now.
There is a big fuss about cutting public expenditure.
We're not wasting any expenditure on the hospital ship.
Our doctors are very thrifty. They don't waste any equipment.
The governor says the hospital ship is the biggest waste of money.
- Why is that? - Because it's all for free.
You treat patients, make house calls, and provide medicine.
Above all, you even do surgeries for free.
The governor will bite my head off if I can't stop it immediately.
We only do surgeries when we have emergencies.
Patients might die if they don't get the surgery,
so we did it to save their lives.
Our service on the hospital ship is supposed to be free.
That's why we didn't charge them.
I'm saying it can't be free anymore!
Emergency service system is getting better.
Let them take the emergency patients now.
The government provides transportation to the hospital,
so let them pay for their own surgeries.
We would do that if we could, but this is...
Stop talking, and do as I say!
Sir!
I'm telling you this beforehand...
because I've known you for a long time.
Don't make things worse.
Discuss with Captain Bang and settle it quietly.
Frankly, it's not like Doctor Song Eun Jae is...
staying in the hospital ship because she has nowhere else to go.
- My gosh. Move! - Sir!
Darn it.
What should I do now?
What? Really?
Was he that obstinate?
It doesn't look like they will just let this slide.
I understand.
There wouldn't be no passenger ships at this hour,
so get some rest at the dormitory.
I'll meet you there as soon as we sail back.
Is everything okay?
Who went to the district office, and why?
It's nothing serious. Don't mind it.
Goodness, why does the sea fog keep getting thicker?
It's so frustrating. I can't even see an inch ahead.
My gosh.
- Are you tired? - A little.
Were there a lot of patients?
Two fishing boats crashed because of the sea fog,
and there were many patients with lacerated wounds.
I couldn't even have a minute to sit down.
I want to give you a massage.
A good one.
- Are you serious? - Why can't I?
I think we need detailed rules.
- Rules? - We spend time as colleagues...
And as a couple...
Be quiet. Someone might hear you.
Detailed rules?
Fine. When do you want to set them up?
How about Saturday?
It's your day off from here and the hospital ER.
Good.
That'd be our first date as well.
- Am I right? - I guess so.
Look forward to it. I'll find a good place we can go.
No. Leave it to me this time.
I'll handle it.
All right then.
Doctor. Doctor!
- Please sit down here. - Gosh.
Where does it hurt?
My baby... I think my baby is coming out.
My water broke.
Let's move her inside first.
Okay. Hang in there, ma'am.
Her due date isn't for another month. Goodness.
- Hang in there. - Oh, dear.
Mom.
- I'm here, Min Kyung. - Ma'am.
- Please calm her down. - Ma'am, the doctors will see her.
Please come with me.
- I'll examine her first. - My dear daughter.
Ma'am, keep breathing. Slowly.
You're doing great. Keep going.
Good. Keep breathing.
(Episode 32 will air shortly.)